We need you to complete the following short assignments as input for the start of the next session

Set up a simple and practical online portfolio which we can easily show in class on which you can show your assignments and contributions to class, thoughts, group project work and personal reflection.  You are free to use whatever system suits your needs:
Use WordPress, a wiki, GitHub/GitLab and a static site generator, a Google site, adobe portfolio, or whatever works for you
Add a page about you, your previous study/studies, relevant hobbies
Show your own workspace (at home). Make a picture of your workspace
List (circle) the materials, tools, topics, skill related items you recognise
explain in which domain you tinker the most (and how would you define the nature of 'tinkering' in that domain)
what do you do to get away from the screen? (we typically see tinkering as a hands-on activity)
which are the first items on your wish-list for expanding your tinkering space?
Submit the link to your site before the next class
For inspiration, take a look at https://fabacademy.org/2024/people.htmlLinks to an external site. (note, these are portfolios for a 20 wk design school, but they give you an idea)
Give your portfolio (also for future additions) a clear structure where your contributions can easily be found
Your first tinkering design assignment:

LEGO is one of many (construction) materials which is very apt for tinkering. Why? Come up with your own design of a construction/building block (paper, sketch, 3D model, whatever works for you.) Which technical hurdle do you tackle with this block? Make at least 10 concept drawings or a morphological overview, we would like to see the progression of steps in your concept rather than one finalised sketch or drawing.
Next session (so think ahead) the goal is to make a physical prototype of this building block (check out the DesignLab facilities, perhaps you can already use the laser cutter or 3D printer or something else. This is the chance to explore these if you haven't previously!!!)
As the start of your reflection work in your portfolio (i.e. reading, remembering, thinking and committing your thoughts to writing) can you start framing answers to reflective questions. In general, for all your portfolio discussions, give proper argumentation for your answers (not just `in my opinion..'). 


